
"Starting"
    Install NodeJs
    Execute Visual Code with admin permisions
        Open console in the proyect folder
        npm init
            Add package file with the command   
        Add name, repository y author
        npm i http
            HTTP: "HyperText Transfer Protocol" of the "Word Wild Web" (WWW)
                Helps to communicate the PC with syntax and semantics
                acording with the web arquitecture: server, client and proxies
        Add the server content in a server.js file
        Run server with command: node server.js
        npm i express
            Brack-end web application Framework for NodeJS thta provides
            HTTP method's and middlewares for create robust API's
        npm i morgan -D
            -D: this command indicates that the module will be installed in the development environment 
                and when use the productive it will not be activated
            Morgan: Middlerare to measure the response of the request
            Middleware: tool to enables one or more kinds of communication
                or connectivity between app's or components in a distributed network
        npm i cors
            Cross-Origin Resource Sharing is an HTTP-header based mechanism
            that allows a server to indicate any origins (domain, scheme, or port)
            other than its own from which a browser should permit loading resources.
            CORS also relies on a mechanism by which browsers make a "preflight" request
            to the server hosting the cross-origin resource, in order to check
            that the server will permit the actual request. In that preflight,
            the browser sends headers that indicate the HTTP method and headers
            that will be used in the actual request.
        npm i path
            To work with path's files and directory's
        Use the routing
            Routing methods: derived from those used by HTTP (GET, POST, etc.)
                URLs: route paths
                Regular expressions: '?', '+', '*', '()', '.', '-'
                Character escape '[$]'

                Response methods:
                res.download() Returns file to be downloaded.
                res.end() Ends the response process.
                res.json() Returns JSON.
                res.jsonp() Returns JSON that supports JSONP.
                res.redirect() Redirects the request.
                res.render() Renders a page template.
                res.send() Returns a response that can be of various types.
                res.sendFile() Sends a file as an octet stream.
                res.sendStatus() Formats the response status and sends it in the response body.
                router.all('*', requireAuthentication, loadUser)
    
